hello runescape Wilma sit here with a
new video on how was everyone doing so
and a background I'm just doing some
pyramid plunder in the old school
runescape service mainly because ongoing
499 saving on this server is sometimes
if I've at the moment that just got that
before I store this video kind of proud
of that you know it's not that big with
it same time it's pretty decent in my
opinion so the point of this video is
it's kind of a personal kind of thing
but I want your opinion as well on this
because it's something that I no longer
own the one kind of struggling to figure
out some people already have decided
before the 07 service was out in general
but you know it's just me and some other
people who can't really decide which
kind of game then we want your playing
basically because you know we have the 8
2013 servers and we have the 2007
servers and as for me I can't be playing
both to the same time I only because I
don't have other accounts to play on
because from what mode MMG have said I
believe you said that it's not against a
rule to be on the 07 servers and on day
2013 servers because it's not the same
kind of game it just runs the same kind
of chat system so you know I consider
that allowed and I don't really have
anything against that but I can't at the
same time I don't feel it's something I
want to do like paper due accounts and
play on both of them and get annual
that's kind of a no expecting well no
expiry is kind of thing but yeah it's
not something I want to do so at the
moment I'm just kind of doing what I
feel like it like it's one which I feel
like savings so I'm feeling me if I want
to be doing some mining on the normal
route skipper go and do that you know
but in the long run is what do I kind of
want to do you know do I want to become
a pro s color only 2007 servers or do
you want to continue as a pro where the
person on the 2013 service basically so
I know that at the moment it's just
about like fifty percent about
fifty-fifty basically on each servers
let's say we have 100,000 people online
it's basically 50,000 2007 and fifty
thousand on 2013 obviously some of the
people or both spadina that's just I was
going to be to see a lot of people in
shiver and you know it's pretty much
okay in my opinion but in the long run
you know 2000 server to the seventh
service will remain the same thing for a
long time it's not going to receive like
large update such as skills quests and
so and it's going to remain some kind of
thing unless a lot of players and I mean
this is the majority of players actually
want this kind of thing and I know that
the majority of players actually don't
give feedback on forums and search so
wish I kind of mentioned in an other
video I was doing and that's kind of
important in order to form the game like
we want it to be and to make it progress
along the airs because if we continue
with the same game will you know through
the 7th 2007 square script service if
they don't change at all upon T years in
the end we'll have a bunch of maxed out
players with nothing else to do because
there have been no updates and it's not
going to be an air place basically and
that's kind of what I'm kind of worried
about because if I do that it's going to
be kind of wasted in my opinion because
I do like the updates i do like to play
new things and stuff at the 2013 service
i received like new skills and such and
i do think that's kind of something I
want to join in on and look and try out
basically but if I'm not confident
concentrating on that game of focusing
on that game a little bit at least
that's not going to work so I have kind
of been wondering like why do people
play the different servers what's the
consummate pros and each kind of thing
one of the people asked was my frequent
Anita she looked out here she told me
that she was playing 07 skate because of
the community basically which is
basically one of the best races I've
actually received when I ask people
about this kind of thing because the
community is important in the game you
know it's like what kind of defines the
game if that makes any sense it's you
know but at the same time I don't really
know what is the best community of court
because both of the games will have some
kind of bad people in it you know and
good people from that case of course but
you know it's always that how do i even
explain the trolls on 2013 servers some
of them will eventually go opportunity
to
27 skip service and it will continue
like this and I'm not really sure if
that is a valid excuse but at the same
time it is come to the best reason I've
got basically so I'm not really sure why
I want to be playing I'm probably going
to do something both well both service
whenever I feel like it and that's just
how I'm going to be doing it in the next
few years I guess I don't really know
myself better to vote won't better not
saving on this server eventually and
I'll have some kind of cool party where
you guys can come on yeah if you want to
I guess so well yeah I think that's what
I have to talk about in this video let
me know your opinion in the comments
section below what the game you're
playing the mostly and why you're
playing it basically helped me out here
I need some advice so yeah guys my name
is Wilma said I'll see you guys later
and goodbye
you